on the work and
build the way you
want to build over
and over and over.
And the way you
want to build is
with high confidence. You
want to know that
the feature has shipped.
Okay. We also have
another line in here,
right? A template inside
of the prompt. If
you create an end
to end test, include
the following validation steps.
So we're just saying,
you know, specifically add
this in addition to
all the other validation
commands that you'll use
to validate with 100%
confidence, right? We're just
doing some prompting here
that the issue has
been fixed with no
regressions. All right. So
super powerful stuff here.
You can see our
agent is It's still
running, it's looking for